Updated Troubleshooting doc with yarn error (#12)
oppia/oppia-web-developer-docs: Troubleshooting.md

If all else fails, and you run into SSL related issues while installing third party libs, [here](https://stackoverflow.com/a/40857561) is what worked for one contributor. **WARNING This disables all SSL verification, so use at your own risk!**

### Yarn: ESOCKETTIMEDOUT

If you get an error like this when running `python -m scripts.start`:

```
info There appears to be trouble with your network connection. Retrying... 
info There appears to be trouble with your network connection. Retrying... 
info There appears to be trouble with your network connection. Retrying... 
info There appears to be trouble with your network connection. Retrying... 
info There appears to be trouble with your network connection. Retrying... 
error An unexpected error occurred: "https://registry.yarnpkg.com/mathjs/-/mathjs-9.5.2.tgz: ESOCKETTIMEDOUT". 
info If you think this is a bug, please open a bug report with the information provided in /opensource/oppia/yarn-error.log". 
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/install for documentation about this command. 
```

> Try running `yarn install --network-timeout 100000`. If that doesn’t work, try increasing the network timeout value and run the command again until it succeeds. Then try running `python -m scripts.start` again. Note: You only need to run `yarn install` to see if the error persists. You don’t need to run `python -m scripts.start` everytime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try running `yarn install --network-timeout 100000`. If that doesn’t work, try running the command with a larger network timeout value and keep increasing the timeout until it succeeds. Then try running `python -m scripts.start` again. Note: To see if you've raised the timeout enough, you only need to run `yarn install`. You don’t need to run `python -m scripts.start` every time.
```

Just some re-wording to remove some ambiguity. What are the units on the timeout value? That might be useful to include so that people don't accidentally set a timeout of many hours, for example.

Author: Done.

> Try running `yarn install --network-timeout 100000`, where the timeout value is in milliseconds. If that doesn’t work, try running the command with a larger network timeout value and keep increasing the timeout(eg. adding a zero at the end of the value) until it succeeds. Then try running `python -m scripts.start` again. Note: To see if you've raised the timeout enough, you only need to run `yarn install`. You don’t need to run `python -m scripts.start` every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try running `yarn install --network-timeout 100000`, where the timeout value is in milliseconds. If that doesn’t work, try running the command with a larger network timeout value and keep increasing the timeout (e.g. adding a zero at the end of the value) until it succeeds. Then try running `python -m scripts.start` again. Note: To see if you've raised the timeout enough, you only need to run `yarn install`. You don’t need to run `python -m scripts.start` every time.
```

just a couple nits

Author: Done
